README.md, before:

# Ancor Cruz's vim distribution

## Usage

    git clone git://github.com/ancorcruz/vimfiles.git ~/.vim
    cd ~/.vim
    rake install

### Helptags

To generate tags at first usage of vim invoke:

    :Helptags

This makes all plugins documentations available thru :help

### Updating

    cd ~/.vim
    rake update


## Customization

Add your local customizations in ~/.vimrc.local and ~/.gvimrc.local


## Mappings

* Leader + p  => Toggle NERDTree
* Leader + c  => Clean out all trailing whitespace or tabs
* Leader + t  => Open Ctrl-P dialog
* Tab         => Next tab
* Shift + Tab => Previous tab
* Ctrl + n    => New tab
* Enter       => Remove search highlighting

* Leader + n  => Toggle relative line numbers

* Leader + j  => Pretty format JSON file

* Leader + yf => Copy filename absolute path to the system clipboard

* Command + (1-9) => Switch tabs (MacVim)
* Alt + (1-9) => Switch tabs (gVim)

(Leader = ,)

## Bundled plugins

### Ctrl-P

The Ctrl-P plug-in for VIM provides an extremely fast, intuitive mechanism for opening files with a minimal number of keystrokes.

https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim.git

### delimitMate

Provides insert mode auto-completion for quotes, parens, brackets, etc

https://github.com/Raimondi/delimitMate

### Endwise

Wisely add "end" in ruby, endfunction/endif/more in vim script, etc

https://github.com/tpope/vim-endwise

### Fugitive

A Git wrapper so awesome.

https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive

### NerdTree

Tree explorer. Open with leader+p

http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1658

### Pathogen

Makes it super easy to install plugins and runtime files in their own private directories.

https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen

### Rails

Rails support for vim

https://github.com/tpope/vim-rails

http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1567

### Ruby

Ruby support for vim

https://github.com/vim-ruby/vim-ruby

https://github.com/vim-ruby/vim-ruby/wiki

### RVM

Switch Ruby versions from inside Vim

https://github.com/tpope/vim-rvm

### Solarized

Precision colors for machines and people

https://github.com/altercation/vim-colors-solarized

### Supertab

Pseudo auto-complete with tab

http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1643

https://github.com/ervandew/supertab

### Syntastic

Syntax checking hacks for vim

https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic/

http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2736

### Vividchalk

A colorscheme strangely reminiscent of Vibrant Ink for a certain OS X editor

https://github.com/tpope/vim-vividchalk

## ToDo

* Add some mappings
* Add snipets
* And more

## Credits

Ancor Cruz's Vimfiles released under MIT License<br/>
Special thanks to Martin Grenfell, Fabio Akita, Tim Pope, Emili Parreño, etc.

Commit message:

Add gitgutter to the Readme and set a shorter update interval
The update interval reduction improves the expirience with gitgutter
signs. They looks almost inmediate now.

README.md, after:

# Ancor Cruz's vim distribution

## Usage

    git clone git://github.com/ancorcruz/vimfiles.git ~/.vim
    cd ~/.vim
    rake install

### Helptags

To generate tags at first usage of vim invoke:

    :Helptags

This makes all plugins documentations available thru :help

### Updating

    cd ~/.vim
    rake update


## Customization

Add your local customizations in ~/.vimrc.local and ~/.gvimrc.local


## Mappings

* Leader + p  => Toggle NERDTree
* Leader + c  => Clean out all trailing whitespace or tabs
* Leader + t  => Open Ctrl-P dialog
* Tab         => Next tab
* Shift + Tab => Previous tab
* Ctrl + n    => New tab
* Enter       => Remove search highlighting

* Leader + n  => Toggle relative line numbers

* Leader + j  => Pretty format JSON file

* Leader + yf => Copy filename absolute path to the system clipboard

* Command + (1-9) => Switch tabs (MacVim)
* Alt + (1-9) => Switch tabs (gVim)

(Leader = ,)

## Bundled plugins

### Ctrl-P

The Ctrl-P plug-in for VIM provides an extremely fast, intuitive mechanism for opening files with a minimal number of keystrokes.

https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim.git

### delimitMate

Provides insert mode auto-completion for quotes, parens, brackets, etc

https://github.com/Raimondi/delimitMate

### Endwise

Wisely add "end" in ruby, endfunction/endif/more in vim script, etc

https://github.com/tpope/vim-endwise

### Fugitive

A Git wrapper so awesome.

https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive

### NerdTree

Tree explorer. Open with leader+p

http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1658

### Pathogen

Makes it super easy to install plugins and runtime files in their own private directories.

https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen

### Rails

Rails support for vim

https://github.com/tpope/vim-rails

http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1567

### Ruby

Ruby support for vim

https://github.com/vim-ruby/vim-ruby

https://github.com/vim-ruby/vim-ruby/wiki

### RVM

Switch Ruby versions from inside Vim

https://github.com/tpope/vim-rvm

### Solarized

Precision colors for machines and people

https://github.com/altercation/vim-colors-solarized

### Supertab

Pseudo auto-complete with tab

http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1643

https://github.com/ervandew/supertab

### Syntastic

Syntax checking hacks for vim

https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic/

http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2736

### Vividchalk

A colorscheme strangely reminiscent of Vibrant Ink for a certain OS X editor

https://github.com/tpope/vim-vividchalk

### Gitgutter

A Vim plugin which shows a git diff in the 'gutter' (sign column). It shows
whether each line has been added, modified, and where lines have been removed.
You can also stage and undo individual hunks.

https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter

## ToDo

* Add some mappings
* Add snipets
* And more

## Credits

Ancor Cruz's Vimfiles released under MIT License<br/>
Special thanks to Martin Grenfell, Fabio Akita, Tim Pope, Emili Parreño, etc.
